Add FloorFilter Component (#162)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-toolkit-ios: Documentation/README.md

* [Scalebar](Scalebar) - Displays current scale reference.
* [TemplatePickerViewController](TemplatePicker) - Allows a user to choose a template from a list of `AGSFeatureTemplate` when creating new features.
* [TimeSlider](TimeSlider) - Allows interactively defining a temporal range (i.e. time extent) and animating time moving forward or backward. Can be used to manipulate the time extent in a MapView or SceneView.

> *[FloorFilter](FloorFilter) - Allows to filter floor plan data in a GeoView by a site, a building in the site, or a floor in the building. 

Reviewer: The formatting of this is off, if you look at the file in a browser.  The `FloorFilter` line is tacked onto the end of the `TimeSlider` info.  Also, `GeoView` need to be "geo view".  And the list should be in alphabetical order, moved to after `Compass`.

> *[FloorFilter](FloorFilter) - Allows to filter floor plan data in a GeoView by a site, a building in the site, or a floor in the building. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FloorFilter](FloorFilter) - Allows to filter floor plan data in a geo view by a site, a building in the site, or a floor in the building. 
```
